So first, let's look at the obvious here, and let's get rid of this issue here, the reason why I
think it's because I didn't put inside of our column the password, so let's go ahead and get all of
this.
And put it all inside the password like this.
Oh, I should say instead of our column that the password?
OK, let's go ahead and see if we can.
Structure, everything, that's very good.
It's good we run this, we should be able to see, hopefully that these should be close to each other.
OK, that looks really, really nice, so pretty much just like what we have here.
Of course, some padding here and there, but it's OK, looks good.
Now, let's go ahead and add this log in button, so we might still be inside of our column there,
so let's go ahead bottom here.
So here we're going to create actually another submit or call a submit button, which is going to be
a rapper composable that we are going to have a button.
And for that, I'm going to pass the actual.
Arguments, OK, subtext I.D. in this case.
I'm going to say if.
Is Create account is true, then the tax is going to be create account else, we're going to change
that to lock in.
So always doing here we'll see in a second is that depending on situation, we are going to change the
text, the title to log in or create account like we'll see that.
All right.
So passing the loading.
This case is going to be loading that same variable and then valid inputs.
Then passed, it rallied, right, which is this reality that we are validating to see if all of the
items we added, all of the text fields, information we added if it's valid.
All right.
Sounds very cryptic, but let's go ahead and created this composable.
So that way we actually can see all in action.
All right, so there we go, we have our composable what's new.
One thing we actually need to pass along here is the on click
function here that we're going to pass along and we're not going to pass anything as a parameter and
say unit.
OK, so what?
We want to happen here, it's just going to create a button and you may ask, why is it?
Didn't I just create a button as it is straight here?
Now that's very possible.
Just like it was possible for us to create all of these passwords inputs directly by adding the outlined
text field, right?
But this gives us a little bit more flexibility because let's say we decided later that we wanted to
create another form, then we'll have to repeat ourselves.
With this, we can just go ahead and call, for instance, the password input or in this case, the
email input and pass different arguments and then we're ready to go.
So then we'll have a very consistent look as well.
OK.
It takes a little bit of time, of course, because you have to code it up, but then you're set up
correctly.
So I really recommend you to think in these terms whenever possible, a rabbit instead of another composable
so Lenny can pass arguments that will modify the actual button in this case or the text field and so
forth.
All right.
OK, so for our own click here, of course, I'm just going to go ahead and pass the on click that is
being passed along there.
OK.
OK, so after this, let's go ahead and add a modifier.
And patting about three deep and Phil Max width, OK?
And then I'm going to pass enabled, I'm going to look at loading.
I did haggling to make sure that we know exactly the state of our tax fields and make sure that we have
this that we can control if this looks enabled or disabled.
OK, so that users cannot actually click on it if there's nothing valid or, I think added in our fields.
So but also we need to pass and the valid inputs.
So this will set out to make sure that we either make this enabled or disabled the button that way,
if it's disabled, like I said, these are users are not going to be able to say, log in.
All right.
I'm going to ask the shape for this button.
Put a comma there and vice shape or make it a circle shape like that.
So inside I'm going to put an if statement to say if the loading is true, all right.
I'm going to pass a circle progress indicator as such, and it can also has more information for our
progress indicator in the form of modifier.
So my say modifier and I want the size of this loading or circular progress indicator to be about 25
died as such.
OK.
Else, in that case, I'm just going to put a text field or text, I should say, in passing a text
ID, which is going to be maybe the naming is not the best by saying Text City, but that's fine.
What we say here is a string that will give us the text that we are going to add, which is going to
be either log in or create account.
You'll see that all in place pass a modifier, of course.
What's new?
And I'm going to add it padding all of five deep inside of our text around.
Oh, Texas should say.
So right, then you're going to see that error.
Submit here.
You're going to have some issues because we need to pass that on.
Click function there.
Well, because it's the last parameter that is a function that has been passed as a parameter.
We can, you know, use just the lambda search.
So here then inside here, I'm going to call the undone HA and going to pass the email again.
Get the value, and I'm going to trim analyst, pass the password and value and also trim that.
OK.
Depending whether this is is create account, which we'll see later, we're going to change the name
of the button, so it's either going to be create account for our text, the name of the button or logging.
In this case, if you look or create, this great account is false, meaning we're not creating an account.
That's why it looks the way it looks.
That's why we should see log in.
OK.
So when then they click on down here?
Not in this button on Click.
What happens?
Well, we're going to go ahead and invoke the function on Click.
In this case, it's going to be this one down here, which we are passing this information.
So now where we calling this?
This password here, we should see the email and the password.
Once we run this, let's see, that's true.
Let's run.
And there we go.
You can see now the log in.
It's not enabled because nothing has happened yet.
The women they start putting their money say.
How at mi.com and go to the next?
Hello.
The moment we start adding something here?
Notice it is.
It says, OK, something is there, so we can actually start to make this enabled to say, OK, they
can log in if I click on this.
Let's go to our Black Hat.
We're going to see we have indeed the reader screen log in screen pal at Mi.com.
And there is the password that I just added because we were getting that information from our user form.
We have that trailing lambada and we have that info.
This is great because that means here I can do things like create an account and do all the things that
I need in this case, logging in right.
But you get the idea.
All right.
So it is indeed working.